26. The issue of forests needs to be given a higher profile in the sustainable development goals, including through the incorporation into the goals of strong and clear forest-related targets and indicators.
The environmental assessment identified five options for the construction and operation of a replacement power plant that would return the Authority's power distribution network to its pre-disaster capacity.
Under this item, the Working Group will also be briefed by the Secretariat on the work of UNODC to support the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol, through the Global Firearms Programme.
In recent months, the Syrian Government has allowed terrorists to use its territory as a launching base to plant roadside bombs, fire rockets into Israel and open fire on Israel Defense Forces inside Israel.
She is therefore of the view that the Danish Immigration Service has admitted that the events are factual, even though the State party considers them irrelevant and not sufficient to justify granting asylum.
1. Decides to authorize an increase of 750 military personnel, 280 police personnel and 20 corrections officers for MINUSCA, in addition to the personnel authorized by paragraph 20 of resolution 2149 (2014);
Four sessions of direct talks were convened between June 2007 and March 2008 without progress, as Morocco insisted that its offer of autonomy was the only basis under which the negotiations could take place.
UNRWA reached more than 14,000 Palestine refugees in community-awareness and prevention activities relating to gender-based violence, children's and human rights, domestic violence, neglect and sexual abuse.
5. The Committee had before it a memorandum by the secretariat of the Conference dated 16 March 2015 on the credentials of representatives of States and of the European Union participating in the Conference.
In accordance with article 28 of the Rules, the President and the Vice-President of the Tribunal are ex officio members of the Chamber, with the President of the Tribunal serving as President of the Chamber.
The secretariat has contacted the secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity regarding data gathered during the process of identification of ecologically or biologically significant marine areas.
8. At its 1st meeting, the Preparatory Committee decided to recommend to the Conference that the negotiations on the draft post-2015 framework for disaster risk reduction be continued in the Main Committee.
It is the real intention of the US expanded hostile policy toward the DPRK to lay a vast siege to the continent and let the Far East and the Asian continent allow the US high-handed and arbitrary practices.
Reaffirming that the use of chemical weapons constitutes a serious violation of international law and reiterating that those individuals responsible for any use of chemical weapons must be held accountable,
Not to allow the memory of the millions who died during the Second World War at the hands of Nazi criminals and their accomplices to be besmirched, and to firmly condemn any plans or actions to that effect;
Building on the outcome of the Washington Summit of 19 February, measures to combat terrorism and violent extremism while respecting human rights and international humanitarian law could also be considered.
From 22 December 2014 to 22 February 2015, armed terrorist groups bombed and shelled the cities of Syria, killing 325 Syrian civilians, 57 of them children, and injuring 766 civilians, 141 of them children.
For the HDRO, there are trade-offs in being an independent office and at the same time depending on UNDP programme units for dissemination of messages and for drawing on the country offices' knowledge base.
They called for the development of an open, inclusive, indivisible and transparent security and cooperation architecture in the region on the basis of universally recognized principles of international law.
A plan of work for exploration for cobalt-rich ferromanganese crusts on the Rio Grande Rise by Companhia de Pesquisa de Recursos Minerais S.A., sponsored by Brazil, was approved by the Council in July 2014.
The Board will oversee the development of a common information management infrastructure, including one global United Nations digital repository for official documentation, research, studies and statistics.
The Ministry established a working group to gather information about women in rural areas and is currently working on the Action Plan for Promoting and Improving the Role and Status of Women in Rural Areas.
Also, extremist Israeli settlers continue to terrorize the Palestinian people, committing daily acts of violence, destruction and intimidation and frequently causing civilian casualties, including children.
39. The Committee is concerned that the increasing use of gender-neutral language and policies in the State party could unintentionally result in an increase of substantive inequality between women and men.
Please provide information on measures taken by the State party to effectively prevent domestic violence and gender-related killings, including femicide and crimes committed in the name of so-called honour.
The authorities are, above all, obliged to guarantee women's rights and take full responsibility for social and creative fulfilment for the largest possible proportion of the female population of the world.
Further aerial bombings are alleged to have occurred on 23 March and 6 April in Delieba, Raga County, and on 8 and 9 April in Nyinbouli and Achana in Aweil West County and Mayom Angok in Aweil North County.
2. Affirms that Eritrea is more concerned about the restoration of security and stability in Yemen than other States owing to the historical and neighbourly ties between the two countries and their peoples.
As leader of the group, al-Houthi has repeatedly threatened Yemeni authorities with further unrest if they do not respond to his demands and detained President Hadi, Prime Minister, and key cabinet members.
On the basis of the assessment provided to him by both missions, the Special Envoy will review whether conditions are in place for the implementation of the freeze initiative for an initial six-week period.
Emphasizing that the scope of the consequences of a nuclear-weapon explosion and the associated risks raise profound moral and ethical questions that go beyond debates about the legality of nuclear weapons,
I have the honour to refer to Security Council resolution 2206 (2015), adopted on 3 March 2015, by which the Council decided to create the Panel of Experts on South Sudan for an initial period of 13 months.
During the closed consultations that followed that meeting, Council members condemned the brutal killing of 21 Egyptian citizens in Libya and expressed condolences to the Egyptian Government and its people.
I have the honour to transmit herewith the statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, dated 18 March 2015, regarding the thirty-first round of the Geneva international discussions (see annex).
7. The reform of the methods of work of the Permanent Forum was considered under agenda item 8, "Future work of the Permanent Forum, including issues of the Economic and Social Council and emerging issues".
32. The Committee recommends that the State party take measures to reduce the high prevalence of abortion in Greenland, including through education on sexual and reproductive health, especially in schools.
It aligns itself with the European Union's support of CTBTO, as stipulated in the decision by the Council of the European Union regarding support for the activities of the Preparatory Commission for CTBTO.
It is vital to invest in the water and sanitation sectors if we want to build fairer and more equal societies where men and women, boys and girls, can legitimately aspire to greater comfort and well-being.
Following the usual consultations, I wish to inform you of my intention to appoint Mr. Ján Kubiš (Slovakia) as my Special Representative for Iraq and Head of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq.
Family Planning programs should take necessary steps to ensure that services will reach to all eligible individuals who need them, even those for whom the normal health services are not easily accessible'.
The Security Council expresses serious concern over the reported violations and abuses of human rights and large-scale displacements of civilian population, including into Nigeria's neighbouring countries.
1. Pursuant to action 20 of the action plan adopted by the 2010 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, Ireland is submitting the present summary report.
In considering the request of Iraq, however, Governing Council members recognized that the country was currently facing a very challenging and costly security crisis and expressed their solidarity with it.
The Committee was further informed that, during a mission's liquidation phase, the timelines for write-off and disposal action were reduced in order to meet the end-date of the mandated liquidation period.
Noting the need for funding of expenses related to investigations or prosecutions of the International Criminal Court, including in connection with situations referred to the Court by the Security Council,
An estimated 100,000 homes were severely destroyed or damaged and severe damage was caused to public infrastructure, including the sole power plant in Gaza and critical water and sanitation infrastructure.
It constitutes the first part of the report of the Secretary-General on developments and issues relating to ocean affairs and the law of the sea for consideration by the Assembly at its seventieth session.
3. Moving from commitments to results: transforming public institutions to facilitate inclusive policy formulation and integration in the implementation and monitoring of the sustainable development goals:
In safeguards, the United States has held and supported national, regional and international training courses on State Systems of Accounting for and Control of Nuclear Material and the Additional Protocol.
Accordingly, I wish to inform you that, after consulting with the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1572 (2004) concerning Côte d'Ivoire, I have appointed the following experts:
Accordingly, the proposed resource requirements under this section have been prepared on the basis of the established methodology, but taking into consideration the results of the strategic capital review.
1. The inalienable right to peaceful uses of nuclear energy represents a core pillar of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, along with nuclear disarmament and nuclear non-proliferation.
The present document is a précis of the larger study into cross-border issues, including recognition of the right of indigenous peoples to trade in goods and services across borders and militarized areas.
The Association underscores that agreement on banning and eliminating nuclear weapons will be a big step forward to change security discourse toward establishing peaceful solution-first security policies.
I have the honour to enclose herewith the statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine on the arrest of the Deputy Chairman of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar People, Ahtem Chiygoz (see annex).
We will continue our work with communities and informing policies and programmes to address these problems for all women to attain good physical and mental health to live a productive and fulfilling life.
7. The Mission will continue to promote peace consolidation and inclusive and transparent political dialogue among all Congolese stakeholders, with a view to furthering reconciliation and democratization.
The above-mentioned figures also do not include those civilians who were assassinated, had their throats cut or were killed in some other savage, criminal manner favoured by those terrorist organizations.
From the confiscation of birth control to the use of rape as a weapon of war, from female circumcision to the criminalization of homosexuality, women must battle constantly to secure or retain that right.
The Dominican Republic has created a fund for women forest users, helping them to produce food for subsistence and herbs and in the small-scale gathering and sale of forest byproducts, including fuelwood.
Given that the Committee is the only United Nations body dealing exclusively with tax matters, there are strong synergies and linkages between its work and the financing for development follow-up process.
In 2014, the Joint Programme partnered with the MAC AIDS Fund in a global campaign to increase knowledge of HIV serostatus among young people, leveraging the influence of international performing artists.
For example, in December 2014, according to United Nations organizations, food assistance was delivered from within Syrian territory to 3.6 million beneficiaries and medical assistance to 500,000 persons.
One speaker also mentioned that the role of UNODC, supported by other United Nations specialized agencies, funds and programmes, in international drug control could be stressed during the special session.
The Foreign Ministers of China and Russia reiterated the importance they attached to the status of India in international affairs and supported its aspiration to play a greater role in the United Nations.
Georgia and the Niger fully paid their arrears during the first half of 2007, thereby resulting in full implementation of their plans in advance of the deadline dates specified in the fifth annual report.
174. The participants had unanimously concurred with a statement that the trade in endangered wildlife was a serious obstacle to the realization of universal human rights, peace, security and development.
I have the honour to submit herewith a note verbale regarding the signing ceremony of the Code of Good Conduct for the media and journalists during the elections to be held in Burundi in 2015 (see annex).
The main purpose of this event is to present and discuss worldwide research related to the NPT and to learn from early career scholars about present and future challenges and opportunities for the treaty.
During the dark years of the war, on the battlefields and on the home front, our peoples' unbreakable friendship and lofty patriotism were displayed clearly as they fought as one towards a shared victory.
Our proposal to investigate ceasefire violations in order to identify the party responsible for concrete incidents still stands alongside with other proposals on confidence and security-building measures.
In some protection of civilians sites, including Bentiu and Malakal, the continuous influx of internally displaced people is increasing pressure on facilities and lowers the standard of services provided.
In the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, a record number of some 1,200 Palestinians were displaced owing to home demolitions by the Israeli authorities, while settlement and settler activity continued.
That will enable IAEA to play its expected role in effectively verifying a future nuclear weapons convention, or a fissile material cut-off treaty, covering all existing nuclear activities and stockpiles.
It found that Equatorial Guinea continued to heavily rely on the hydrocarbon sector and had a significant imbalance between the high level of per capita income and the low level of its human assets index.
I should be grateful if you would arrange to have the text of the present letter and its annex distributed as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 35 and 36, and of the Security Council.
The P-4 Investigations Officer would also provide tactical intelligence support to investigation teams, particularly in more complex cases, and would report to the Chief Investigations Officer in Nairobi.
This cannot be called anything but a purposeful massacre of the civilian population of the city, the residents of which have never wanted and do not want to have anything in common with terrorist groups.
To this end, Ukraine shall reinstate control of the segment of its banking system in the conflict-affected areas and possibly an international mechanism to facilitate such transfers shall be established.
In this connection, I have the honour to inform you, upon instructions of my Government, that Tunisia requests the retention of the following items, listed in paragraph 3 of the above-mentioned document:
They are aimed at enlarging civic participation in criminal justice reform processes, including civil oversight and monitoring of the efficiency, fairness and respect for human rights of justice systems.
One P-336 Turkish missile boat violated the territorial waters of the Republic of Cyprus and illegally used the closed port of Ammochostos while participating in naval exercises of the occupation forces.
4. Ensure permanent monitoring on the Ukrainian-Russian State border and verification by OSCE, along with the establishment of a security area in the border regions of Ukraine and the Russian Federation.
Recognizing that fostering the acquisition of skills by youth would enhance their ability to make informed choices with regard to life and work and empower them to gain access to changing labour markets,
12. Under the Domestic Violence Prevention Act, a Domestic Violence Prevention National Strategy (2014 -- 2016) has been formulated, endorsed and disseminated to relevant stakeholders for implementation.
3. Reported expenditure under each heading should, as far as possible, be broken down into: (a) operational expenditure; (b) capital expenditure; (c) staffing and personnel costs; and (d) overhead costs.
UNSOA continues to provide support in terms of administrative, financial and technical services to the integrated mission as part of the integrated framework in all its headquarters and regional offices.
Another workshop, on the green economy and social aspects of sustainable forest management, was held in Santander, Spain, in April 2014 (pursuant to action 5 of the current Forest Europe work programme).
The Health Services Authority of the Territory, an autonomous corporate body, was established in 2005 to manage all public health-care delivery services for the Ministry of Health and Social Development.
Reiterating its call for all parties in Yemen to adhere to resolving their differences through dialogue and consultation, reject acts of violence to achieve political goals, and refrain from provocation,
The Kingdom of Morocco considers totally unacceptable the recent manoeuvring by the African Union in requesting an interaction between its "Special Envoy", Mr. Joaquim Chissano, and the Security Council.
Accordingly, I wish to inform you that, after consulting with the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 2206 (2015) concerning South Sudan, I have appointed the following experts:
In 2013, young people aged 15-24 accounted for 31 per cent of new HIV infections globally, with 57 per cent of those new infections in this age group occurring among adolescent girls and young women [1].
Overall, the youth and trade programme examines how the Centre's existing tools can be adapted to serve the needs of youth and considers new tools that are needed to strengthen youth employment globally.
43. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the Council every three months on the implementation of MONUSCO's mandate, including its Intervention Brigade, as set out in this resolution, including on:
Without a sustained flow of contributions, the trust fund will not be able to assist eligible members in the context of 21 weeks of meetings per year on the part of the Commission and its subcommissions.
6.4 The UN-SPIDER programme was established to provide universal access to all types of space-based information and services relevant to disaster management to support the full disaster management cycle.
12. Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General and the other executive heads of the participating organizations to fully assist the Unit with the timely provision of all information requested by it;
The speech is reckless in the sense that it directly challenges the fundamental principles of the law of armed conflict and international humanitarian law and undermines international peace and security.
14. The Conference on Disarmament, in Geneva, is the only appropriate forum for negotiations on a treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices.